The following codes were used to draw main conclusions of single-cell RNA-seq analysis for Yum et al., Nature (2021).

1) Fig3c_EDFig6h.R: 
This code was used to calculate the fractions of mutant and WT epithelial cells in Red2Onco models and Confetti control.

2) EDFig8g.R:
This code was used to calculate the fractions of mesenchymal cell types in Red2Onco models and Confetti control.

3) EDFig8h.R:
This code was used to calculate the fractions of immune cell types in Red2Onco models and Confetti control.

4) Fig3d.R:
This code was used to calculate priming scores of WT epithelial cells for Confetti and Red2Onco models toward enterocyte lineage.

5) EDFig7b_Secretory.R:
This code was used to calculate priming scores of WT epithelial cells for Confetti and Red2Onco models toward secretory lineage.

6) EDFig7a_Enterocyte.R
This code was used to priming scores of MT epithelial cells for Confetti and Red2Onco models toward enterocyte lineage.

7) EDFig7a_Secretory.R
This code was used to priming scores of MT epithelial cells for Confetti and Red2Onco models toward each of secretory lineages.

8) Fig3e_BMP.R
This code was used to calculate gene set enrichment scores of BMP signaling for epithelial cells.

9) Fig3e_WNT.R
This code was used to calculate gene set enrichment scores of WNT signaling for epithelial cells.

10) EDFig7m.R
This code was used to calculate gene set enrichment scores of NOTCH signaling for epithelial cells.

11) Fig3i_AUGUR.R
This code is to calculate the statistical significance of transcriptomic change for mesenchymal cells based on the separability using AUGUR 

12) Fig3i_VAR.R
This code is to calculate the statistical significance of transcriptomic change for mesenchymal cells based on cell-to-cell variability.

13) EDFig8i_AUGUR.R
This code is to calculate the statistical significance of transcriptomic change for immune cells based on the separability using AUGUR.

14) EDFig8i_VAR.R
This code is to calculate the statistical significance of transcriptomic change for immune cells based on cell-to-cell variability.





